README.md, before:

# ComfyUI Wireless Toggle Master

Control any nodes in your ComfyUI workflow by **title** or **color** matching. Toggle nodes on/off with a single click, with optional radio-button style restrictions.

## Features

- 🎯 **Wireless** - No connections needed! Control nodes anywhere in your workflow
- 🔍 **Regex Matching** - Filter nodes by title using regular expressions
- 🎨 **Color Matching** - Filter nodes by their node color
- 📦 **Subgraph Support** - Works across nested subgraphs
- 🔘 **Radio Mode** - Optional "max one" or "always one" restriction for exclusive selection

## Sample Workflow

![Sample Workflow](sample_workflow.png)

*Example: Using Wireless Master Toggle to switch between fruit options with "always one" restriction*

## Installation

### ComfyUI Manager (Recommended)
Search for "Wireless Toggle Master" in ComfyUI Manager and install.

### Manual Installation
```bash
cd ComfyUI/custom_nodes
git clone https://github.com/jonstreeter/comfyui-togglemaster
```

Restart ComfyUI after installation.

## Usage

1. Add **Wireless Master Toggle** node (found in `utils` category)
2. Right-click the node → **Properties Panel**
3. Set your filter criteria:
   - `matchTitle`: Regex pattern (e.g., `^Char.*` for nodes starting with "Char")
   - `matchColors`: Comma-separated colors (e.g., `red, #ff0000`)
4. Toggle matching nodes on/off using the generated toggle widgets

### Properties

| Property | Type | Description |
|----------|------|-------------|
| `matchTitle` | string | Regex pattern to match node titles |
| `matchColors` | string | Comma-separated list of colors to match |
| `showNav` | boolean | Show navigation arrows |
| `showAllGraphs` | boolean | Include nodes from subgraphs |
| `sort` | combo | Sort order: `position` or `alphanumeric` |
| `toggleRestriction` | combo | `default`, `max one`, or `always one` |

### Toggle Restriction Modes

- **default**: Multiple nodes can be enabled simultaneously
- **max one**: At most one node can be enabled at a time
- **always one**: Exactly one node is always enabled (radio button behavior)

## Example Use Cases

- **Character Selection**: Match nodes named `Char_A`, `Char_B`, etc. with "always one" for exclusive character selection
- **Style Presets**: Toggle between different style/LoRA preset nodes
- **A/B Testing**: Quickly switch between alternative workflow branches

## License

MIT License

## Credits

Inspired by [rgthree-comfy](https://github.com/rgthree/rgthree-comfy) Fast Groups Muter/Bypasser nodes.

Commit message:

Add sample workflow JSON file and update README

README.md, after:

# ComfyUI Wireless Toggle Master

Control any nodes in your ComfyUI workflow by **title** or **color** matching. Toggle nodes on/off with a single click, with optional radio-button style restrictions.

## Features

- 🎯 **Wireless** - No connections needed! Control nodes anywhere in your workflow
- 🔍 **Regex Matching** - Filter nodes by title using regular expressions
- 🎨 **Color Matching** - Filter nodes by their node color
- 📦 **Subgraph Support** - Works across nested subgraphs
- 🔘 **Radio Mode** - Optional "max one" or "always one" restriction for exclusive selection

## Sample Workflow

![Sample Workflow](sample_workflow.png)

*Example: Using Wireless Master Toggle to switch between fruit options with "always one" restriction*

📥 **[Download Sample Workflow](workflows/Toggle%20Master%20Sample.json)** - Load this into ComfyUI to try it out!

## Installation

### ComfyUI Manager (Recommended)
Search for "Wireless Toggle Master" in ComfyUI Manager and install.

### Manual Installation
```bash
cd ComfyUI/custom_nodes
git clone https://github.com/jonstreeter/comfyui-togglemaster
```

Restart ComfyUI after installation.

## Usage

1. Add **Wireless Master Toggle** node (found in `utils` category)
2. Right-click the node → **Properties Panel**
3. Set your filter criteria:
   - `matchTitle`: Regex pattern (e.g., `^Char.*` for nodes starting with "Char")
   - `matchColors`: Comma-separated colors (e.g., `red, #ff0000`)
4. Toggle matching nodes on/off using the generated toggle widgets

### Properties

| Property | Type | Description |
|----------|------|-------------|
| `matchTitle` | string | Regex pattern to match node titles |
| `matchColors` | string | Comma-separated list of colors to match |
| `showNav` | boolean | Show navigation arrows |
| `showAllGraphs` | boolean | Include nodes from subgraphs |
| `sort` | combo | Sort order: `position` or `alphanumeric` |
| `toggleRestriction` | combo | `default`, `max one`, or `always one` |

### Toggle Restriction Modes

- **default**: Multiple nodes can be enabled simultaneously
- **max one**: At most one node can be enabled at a time
- **always one**: Exactly one node is always enabled (radio button behavior)

## Example Use Cases

- **Character Selection**: Match nodes named `Char_A`, `Char_B`, etc. with "always one" for exclusive character selection
- **Style Presets**: Toggle between different style/LoRA preset nodes
- **A/B Testing**: Quickly switch between alternative workflow branches

## License

MIT License

## Credits

Inspired by [rgthree-comfy](https://github.com/rgthree/rgthree-comfy) Fast Groups Muter/Bypasser nodes.
